Misc docs improvements (#577)
handsontable/hyperformula: docs/guide/built-in-functions.md

ever created. We wanted the same flexibility for HyperFormula
but without the constraints of the spreadsheet UI.

> The latest version of HyperFormula has an extensive collection of **{{ $page.functionsCount }}** functions in 9 categories:

Author: ```suggestion
The latest version of HyperFormula has an extensive collection of **{{ $page.functionsCount }}** functions grouped into 9 categories:
```
